---
title: "Community Update"
date: 2024-09-02
draft: false
author: Daniel Harabor, Miguel Ramirez
layout: post
---

The ICAPS 2025 program committee is working on preparing the Call for Papers for the Conference which we expect to
start disseminating very soon. In the meantime, we have prepared a community update to explain upcoming changes to
the conference. These changes affect how papers will be submitted, how they will be reviewed, and how the program 
committee will be formed.

Our first update is a video presentation explaining the result of our conference co-design process with the ICAPS council. 
The co-design impacts the reviewing and submission protocols at ICAPS in 2025 and is recommended for all members of the 
ICAPS community. You can find the video [on this link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H9QyvOapek).

Our second update is about how to get involved with ICAPS 2025. Following a successful initiative in 2024, we will ask 
community members to volunteer for roles on the ICAPS 2025 program committee. Openings are available for Topic Chairs, 
Area Chairs, and Reviewers. A description of each of these roles can be found [here](/organisation/roles_and_guidelines).
If you want to volunteer before we start our mailing campaign, please submit an expression of interest via the Google 
form [on this link](https://forms.gle/Cv3BavDyA6PhNa3w5).

Our third update covers the introduction of a more structured classification system for submissions, which extends and 
evolves the system introduced at ICAPS 2024. These changes have several goals: (i) to clarify the scope and types of 
contributions relevant to the conference, (ii) to broaden participation in the conference, and (iii) to increase the 
likelihood that expert reviewers and area chairs are matched to appropriate submissions by OpenReview and our in-house 
automated assignment systems. You can find more information about our paper classification system in its 
[dedicated section](/organisation/paper_classification_system) on the ICAPS 2025 website.

<!-- {{< sponsors_table_json "/data/sponsors/sponsors.json" >}} -->
